Hi, girls and boys, I'm Gabriela.
we have a shop for assembly parts
jewelry store and our store is
our website is www.ana.pt gabriela
dot com
I decided to make a video for you guys.
showing me a little how I
I work with a circle of
colors or chromatic circle or is a cycle of
color is I'll show you one
very old sheet of the time I
I was doing college at heart.
I did not finish but it was a
Of the things that I loved the most in college
it was one of the subjects that I liked the most
it was of color psychology, right?
and it is an honor for the first semesters
so this time in this time of
College I met the old sheet
trip told the sheet that it is from 2002 we
we are in 2014 she is 12 years old
and knows that one
chocolate starts here for us
it starts here going through it this
how we go about it.
use our chromatic circle
circle of things
The goal is to use a dark color
this hue in the case the last to
lighter color on this other side
opposite of it understands then so if you
will use this red color to
wine you can use a light green
it is
so this is the goal that you
learned to use with things
What is it here?
a visual harmony and this is going to
You're a good shot, shall we say?
When are you going to work with the cut?
in his pieces of jewelry
then I'll give another so because we
use the example color in case this here
number four we already come one two three is
the fourth was we come in a two
three to four with what would be the case
this here so this is the more to
Outside is the color from the inside how much to
outside in this case is to wake up right there
they do they always that way ok
so I'm going to work here a color that
I always do with you until
I worked on the earring that is a
turquoise and pulled pro coral I
I'll show you yourselves a
ask me what I did
working with these, that part is
so circle the leaves it is obvious that
You do not need to get stuck in
colors you 're working with, right?
Girls, can you play for a while?
work a bit with the trends a
album that you are from
Predilection What is a customer asking you?
so then
Actually, this here to give a
But it does not mean that we're going to
get stuck in this right there
in no way can we really
get away from it all but we
the base we will have a north to
follow and that depends on you if you go
to follow or not is this earring for example
works with complementary colors is
now I do not work with becoming
so rigid ages for example its the
I work with this very shade of pink
I love you, by the way, I can work
he contrasted with an agreement and green
dark are and are complementary things
but I did not stay the key
the color of the color he asks let's say so
Yeah, I'll put this light green here.
I can work with very dark pink pink
fux if a is that cobain tastes pretty strong
so always an opposing tint
another and will play with
the color nuances lighter and more
Dark is so it's this loves this
video is very fast just to present
for you, the circle of colors
This circle is there on google you
can look for this from the time of the
college is clean this people here
She's the guard for a long time. She 'll be a
pastry
It was great for me, that's how it was for me.
really one in the exact notion of what you
can work as we are with the
The course that I did was of heart then
he gave you a notion is direct from
how do you relate to things at
psychology of colors in each environment
with alcohol that should or should not use
if you put a background color
there you can put other points of light
the color complementary to that and in the biju that
is a screen also remains the
people start doing a job in
white work that comes out of nowhere and you
Then you can build.
use the same technique as putting the
complementary things and make your
piece ok I very much hope that you have
I liked this video very quickly
but I just wanted to let you guys know
as I use you may have other
girls that yes in another way but
this is how I used mine
good experience, I very much hope that you
Did you like it let me show you?
our little friend of our partner
in this vibe feet our profit is out of nowhere '
this is a new collection new shirt
the brand of super chic so our
hair today the cold ismail esmal would have
it is also making service
aesthetic is in addition to the hair is also
making eyebrow drainage many
Legal services after I go there and I go
present to you all these
hand services
I really hope you liked it.
This life, a kiss, bye, bye.